Implement logging of abbreviation resolve (#19835)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/command_line_interface.adoc

include::{snippetsPath}/tutorial/nameMatching/tests/nameMatching.out[]
----

You can also use these abbreviations with the `-x` command-line option.

> === Inspecting abbreviation resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Tracing name expansion
```

> For complex projects, it might not be obvious if the correct tasks were executed. When using abbreviated names, a single typo can lead to the execution of different tasks.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: 
> it might not be obvious if the **intended** tasks were executed

and:
> a single typo can lead to the execution of **unexpected** tasks.

> For complex projects, it might not be obvious if the correct task was executed. When using abbreviated tasks, a single typo can easily change which task is running.
> 
> When INFO, or <<logging.adoc#logLevels, more verbose logging is enabled>>, the logs will contain extra information about the project, and task resolution. For example, when executing the `mAL:cT` command on the previous example, the following log messages will be visible:

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
For complex projects, it might not be obvious if the correct tasks were executed. When using abbreviated names, a single typo can lead to the execution of different tasks.

When INFO, or <<logging.adoc#logLevels, more verbose logging is enabled>>, the output will contain extra information about the project and task name expansion. For example, when executing the `mAL:cT` command on the previous example, the following log messages will be visible:
```
